
-- Disintegration of Time --

First Beta

Designed for 1-4 players, thus can be completed co-op or solo

Map plays similar to Deluge and IO.

-- Beta 1 bugs (and features) --

- I ran into limits (nuff said).
Couple of areas and secrets are pretty much unfinished,
unless they consist of previously done mapping,
thus might be way easier than they ever were planned to be.

Ran into allocblock before i wanted to implement the many additional rooms and ideas i planned.
Or technically i didnt run into any limit, but rooms started to bug out horribly
with missing faces which made zero sense regarding i wasnt hitting any limit.

I resulted in splitting the map into 2 parts, but for now i left that second part off,
because it was still in heavy alpha state.

- The map uses weapon_custom by w00tguy, it is really cool except might be unstable.
If the map decides to crash out of random, this is most likely the reason.
I havent had chance for map specific weapon scripts yet.
Weapons are mostly pretty hastily done and sure not final

- After this map started to take longer and longer (Started this near end of 2017).
Many serious ideas inavoidably started to end up in trashbin,
and lots of goofy shit and dry humor started to sneak in this beta.

- That "golden middle road" regarding Sven Co-op and combat gameplay,
is next to impossible to achieve. Map might be too 'easy', or too 'hard',
anywho unbalanced it continues to be for now. Didnt name this beta just for shits lol

- Some sound, model and sprite replacement lacking, and odd content naming.

- Only one monster type has custom sounds


-- Mandatory "plot" --

Presence of time has diminished in this certain part of this apocalyptic realm.
History and future have fused together, obliterating existence and knowledge of present time.
Ancient and modern technology and architecture stack upon eachother.

When it comes to you, its hard to be a scavenger for goods in this confusing ridiculous environment.
However out of odd coincidence, you accompany the most unlikely and ludicrous dream-team
from different timelines to kick some ass.

You begin to notice that some type of interdimensional breach has occurred aswell.
Familiar species of creatures, and vengeful enemies from all the moons you have done your contracts in
have started to show around, only this time more stronger and lustier.


-- Credits (Might be incomplete) --

All mappers of the original areas which are referenced,
are gonna be credited in the map itself in a special way. (Find the secrets sssh)

RNG - The map, modelhacks, and some models, sounds and soundmixes, special textures and drawings,
burnouts, "music".

w00tguy - weapon_custom script and troubleshooting

Garompa - Big Sven Co-op community NPC pack where some monsters are edited from. (rmk_rng, rmk_medic and rmk_doc)

DGF - Original portal model, and the beakmask occasionally appearing the map once again.

Testing: Streamfox, MirroR, Zode, Colt, sprt, Trempler, Sence, w00tguy, Windawz, greenchocolate
and some invited, and uninvited quests.

- Many textures are from textures.com.
Some textures used all the way in deluge and IO aswell are from Condition Zero originally.
Textures by PillipK might also been used.

- Weapon sounds are mostly mixed out of public domain sounds and new They Hunger content.
Except the voice which is used in punch and kick, which i never exactly knew where they were from
when they were edited in Deluge.

So apparently the original source of these are:
Richard Waugh (Wesker, Resident Evil 4), Jim Ward (Krauser, RE4 aswell).
I recall originally taking them from ZDoom mod Diaz: Last Hours of Purity by wildweasel.
Guess these are properly credited now, how shortsighted of me lol.

Ambient sounds are just remixed half-life ambience, sort of temporary solution for this version.

Shocktrooper sounds are snatched from some wild animal videos i cannot recall anymore,
mostly some hyena videos, so i do not take credit of them.
(And no, i did not steal them from Bloodbourne).

- 'Pistol 18' is Glock from Counter-Strike Source

- SMG is mangled Thompson from They Hunger Co-op, not most optimized creation with the V_ model being 8000 polygons.

- Textures of gib modelling, and otherwise 'gory' textures are microscope images from a candle and a peanut.
Some are actual guts screencapped from some Gordon Ramsay's F-word episode of hunting a wild boar.
Thought id mightaswell clarify this properly lol.

- Not really sure who made the original skybox yet

Of course again, credits to original mappers of areas i decided to ripoff remake on this map,
(Or rather base the whole map idea to that lol). Some areas preceed my whole friggin mapping period many years.


-- Useless Trivia --

- The map also includes areas cut from IO and Deluge.
Some mapping straight out of UNI2 included aswell, not much on big role in this version though.

- The 'Remake logos' originate from long-dead Deathmatch Classic project for Sven,
meant as team deathmatch logos. They are drawn out of murals from couple of DMC textures,
with some slight modifications.

- Compile time: Around 5 minutes

- Character names are coincidential (no shit), and mostly cheaply derived from
Half-life and Sven Co-op

- Picture on Gordon's shirt is the logo
of my 'dark ambient' project Garden of Myxini
